Allow handling timezone-aware datetime values when inserting or updating (#557)
crate/crate-python: CHANGES.txt

- SQLAlchemy DDL: Allow turning off column store using ``crate_columnstore=False``.
  Thanks, @fetzerms.

- SQLAlchemy DDL: Allow setting ``server_default`` on columns to enable
  server-generated defaults.

> - Allow handling "aware" datetime values when inserting or updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow handling datetime values with time zone info when inserting or updating.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: maybe we could also an example?

Author: I've added a corresponding example to the documentation at `client.rst`. It is not optimal, but the best thing we can do to show the features, and not destroy the storyline of that documentation section too much.
